docs: IANA procedures for registries summary (#1161)
w3c/wot: registry-analysis/Readme.md

any particular review. The requirement for acceptance is only that the request is well formed and does not clash with existing
registrations (e.g., for strings case-sensitive equality). Some registries might add some additional requirements but they are usually
regarding the format of the request and they are not used to add additional review steps to the process. Any registry that uses
this policy has to define a "change controller" an entity responsible for overseeing any change of the registry (e.g., protocol updates 
that deprecate old codes). The [RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8126#section-4.4) advises any change controller to be 
careful "that the protocol retains wire compatibility". 

> It is also important to understand that First Come First Served really has no filtering.  Essentially, any well-formed request is
accepted.

#### Expert Review
> ([RFC8126](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8126#section-4.5))

The expert reviews policy requires the registry to define an expert for reviewing new registration requests. The role of the expert

> is so important that IANA dedicates an [entire section](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8126#section-4.5) about this role 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is so important that IANA dedicates an [entire section](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8126#autoid-29) about this role 
```
